README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for GWA Calculator project
Updated the README to reflect the new GWA Calculator project, including features, technologies, and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# GWA Calculator

## 📌 Description
The GWA Calculator is a web-based application that helps students compute their **General Weighted Average (GWA)** easily and accurately. Users can dynamically add or remove subjects, input grades and units, and instantly see their computed GWA with a clean and modern interface.

## 🚀 Features
- Dynamic add/remove subject fields
- Automatic GWA computation
- Real-time updates as values change
- Clean and modern UI
- Smooth animations and transitions
- Responsive design for different screen sizes

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- JavaScript

## 📷 Screenshots
<img width="1905" height="922" alt="Bu Gwa Calculator" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77daa6b7-7e94-4f71-b960-198d603748d7" />

## ⚙️ Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/papernsalt/bu-gwa-calculator.git
  ##
2. Navigate to the project directory
  cd bu-gwa-calculator
  ##
3. Install project dependencies
  npm install
  ##
4. Start the development server
  npm run dev
